# Pin It!

### How do you control tooling versions via Go Modules?
This is an issue that can arise when using code generation tools like `protoc-gen-grpc-gateway`.
How do make sure the generated code is consistent across all team members. If everyone isn't using the same version some people may generate API breaking changes while others may be constantly flipping between two changes.

### So how do we avoid this?
With Go modules we can pin versions in our modules and use binaries generated from those versions. But if I never import that package how is that still valid and wont `go mod tidy` remove it?

That's correct! but we can work around it with a few tricks.

Lets create a new `tools` package in our project. In here we are going to specify a build tag and use some underscored imports. We have two reasons for doing this.
- To avoid including this package/file on our normal builds/
- To avoid compiler errors for unused imports.

```go
// +build tools

package tools

import (
    _ "github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway"
)
```

Now we can do a `go mod tidy` to resolve the imports and a `go install github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway` to place this binary in our `$GOBIN`.

### Bonus Points
To further improve the workflow you could introduce a Makefile that has commands to `go install` and run the binary whatever it may be.
This makes sure they whenever an engineer does some generation they are always using whatever the latest module version is.